yo what's up be tube right here got a
deck of the month for you a lot of
people requesting the Kirk re plant deck
from my last full match this is not the
same exact one gtalk were using he was
using the one with like the psychics and
stuff but I wasn't a big fan of that one
this is the bill that I've been using
lately and I'm told you guys right now
I've played a lot about ten matches and
I haven't lost a single match yet and
almost every match I have played has
been a 2 0 0 ck I usually first turn out
DK a lot like first turn is if my
opponent goes first and then i go i
usually up to kate right there so I
always tell my friends don't pass turn
don't you dare pass turn yeah but uh but
yeah so this is the build I've been
using it's my baby right now so you guys
you know tell me what you think and uh
you guys want to try it out try it out
let me know what you think I played like
quite a few doors last night I'm
disappointed I didn't get any matches
but because I you know when you getting
that dual mode you just keep doing you
forget to put the camera up and whatnot
but hopefully I'll have I'm doing again
tonight so flower have some a full
matches up for you prideful matching
monday or something Jack's to the car
queries in action you can see how how
the combos work and stuff but uh okay I
have one course a lot people were
running this but it's too good man way
too good especially if you have a dead
hand yeah stealth guards you can still
make place for you can still windows
like single-handedly it's you know for
us to bring out your fortresses again
gtalk wasn't running that in hit I don't
know why you want to run something like
that helps yo TK faster and helps you
get your your eight stars off a lot
quicker because you get a seven star
force fortress two cyber dragons the
tracker an instant fusion and I just
prefer cyber dragons I can tell me times
I summon cyber dragon infuse for
chimeratech fortress with my opponents
car trooper now the car troopers at to
that happens like so much so much
happens so much so I just use the cyber
dragon plus it's always nice to have get
more filled advantage and you can also
ditch him for fortress I don't know I
just prefer him over insta fusion some
people say insa fusions better I don't
know I prefer so I would Ragan
um 33 machine and airframe search your
guys now of course and then here's the
kicker monsters just one quick he's like
the full helm night in a sense for Kirk
cars when you destroys a monster you get
to special summon occur car in the
graveyard so usually you could beam on
the four-star tuner in a synchro 48 *
burrito three of his new saw me Kirk
Arnie saw me he's like the embers blade
for Kirk Ari's this guy is hike so good
people not running him but I don't
understand why you want to want to run
this guy you just ran him bring whatever
you need out or you can just set them
and people aren't really you know
playing I guess knocks and whatnot and
like blown the filled up as quick
anymore so like this kind of this guy's
effect gets always gets off so if you
start off like but the bad hand but you
set him first turn and you attack them
and you can like go into this guy and
you can tune up for your a star burrito
like next turn light and just blow up on
them this is the fourth star tuner I
don't know this this guy right here is
like MVP for me sometimes so I run
triple with him and two of those guys
into the strategist is a three-star
tuner and you so just to defense when it
comes already switches you can switch
one monsters battle position when it
comes out so this is the one you guys
this is the one go you used to draw with
Burt with burrito so I run to that guy
and that's it for the kirk ice try to
decrease the amount of credit cards that
i run to a decrease consistency to loan
fires to get out your dandy your spoor
or your global bulb these are you two
like main tuners you use and then effect
veiler is also one start to know that
you could use or you can ditched to a
stop a play of some sort i don't know i
really like the effect veiler and then
on to the spells 141 you got to run this
this is a must have run you have to run
this same with foolish burial so you got
like the you got you can either draw
your one star tuners or you can draw
your loan your loan fire blossoms and
your foolish burial I mean it really
increases your odds of getting off your
combos first turn and then one book of
moon I mean still really good Mazel on
your 11 my control I have what like
seven tuners in here and some of them
are four star tuners the mic
control is just too good not to run
limit removal of course instant game
dark hole monster reborn staples mm st I
mean you kind of gotta run to misty's
now the cold wave I one hour cold wave
band sorry uh traps of solemn and a
seven tools I guess you get on traps
instead of this but i just spent 97
tools whatever don't matter i just been
out to Cain anyways bottomless trap hole
whenever called a haunted and torrential
amir force just good traps I mean why
not run on they're just good and as you
can see I don't run any uh any solemn
warnings and no dualities so I mean once
again I got like a cheap deck for you
guys that you guys can build and from
what I can tell the sex extra
competitive I really like it so let me
know what you guys think of this deck
try it out comment rate subscribe I look
forward to seeing a full match here
pretty soon and seeing the cur cars and
actions you guys can know what they what
they do if you've done all writing some
of you probably do but I'm just saying
so you guys can check it out all right
then guys peace out